README.md, before:

# Self Supervised Data Labeling ML
A self-supervised data labeling ML YoloX with multi-GPU training and automatic hyperparameter tuning.
# Introduction
I completed the Intro to Deep Learning with PyTorch and Intro To Self Driving Cars Nanodegree by Udacity on August 9th, 2022. I had the opportunity to sharpen my Python skills and apply C++ while implementing matrices and calculus in code. Additionally, I was able to touch on computer vision and machine learning all in the context of solving self-driving car problems.

![k;j](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86870298/183752079-14f63e23-31ed-4200-aea0-d924909e9557.png)

# Self Supervised Data Labeling
I created a method...

# YoloX

# Multi-GPU Training and Automatic Hyperparameter Tuning

# Requirements and file architecture:
### Imports:
```python
import os
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np
import cv2
```
## Instructions:
- Put all the pictures in the input folder. 
- Run segmentation_mask.py.
- Your segmentation masks will be in the folder named output.

# What does it do?
asdsdasd

## Example:

![2_3 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86870298/180622921-41e9b082-9fb9-4ad9-a46e-7acd7e16bcc7.png)

# Limitations and known bugs:
jkkj

## Example of bad detection:
sdz

## Next steps:
sdfs

Commit message:

Updated readme, implemented dataset, preprocessing and self supervised labeling

README.md, after:

# Self Supervised Data Labeling ML
A self-supervised data labeling ML YoloX with multi-GPU training and automatic hyperparameter tuning.
# Introduction
I completed the Intro to Deep Learning with PyTorch and Intro To Self Driving Cars Nanodegree by Udacity on August 9th, 2022. I had the opportunity to sharpen my Python skills and apply C++ while implementing matrices and calculus in code. Additionally, I was able to touch on computer vision and machine learning all in the context of solving self-driving car problems.

![k;j](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86870298/183752079-14f63e23-31ed-4200-aea0-d924909e9557.png)

# Dataset
The dataset used for this project is the LISA Traffic Light Dataset. The database consists of continuous test and training video sequences, totaling 43,007 frames and 113,888 annotated traffic lights. The dataset is available for download at https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mbornoe/lisa-traffic-light-dataset. 


# Self Supervised Data Labeling
I created a method...

# YoloX

# Multi-GPU Training and Automatic Hyperparameter Tuning

# Requirements and file architecture:
### Imports:
```python
import os
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np
import cv2
```
## Instructions:
- Put all the pictures in the input folder. 
- Run segmentation_mask.py.
- Your segmentation masks will be in the folder named output.

# What does it do?
asdsdasd

## Example:

![2_3 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86870298/180622921-41e9b082-9fb9-4ad9-a46e-7acd7e16bcc7.png)

# Limitations and known bugs:
jkkj

## Example of bad detection:
sdz

## Next steps:
sdfs
